we're here at the sports center where
the gymnastics is getting underway in
fact I better get flippant
I'm here with two of the Australian
gymnast he's in Talbot and Eliza Freeman
girls how do you think he went today I
thought I'd my performance is pretty
good there are things I could improve on
and I'm can't wait till sunday as you
can see the game and what is your
favorite thing about the festival so far
definitely the opening ceremony it was
incredible and those great experience
we have here taisha mattress from Great
Britain in the gymnastics tisha how do
you think he went today and I tried my
best but I had a few mistakes that I
would didn't want to happen but I tried
my best what are you going to focus on
for sunday and we're going to try and
get less waffles on my pieces and just
try and nail it
I've got Alex he'd from the Australian
gymnastics team Alec Cuddy think he went
today pretty well I think that we could
have done a little bit better but we did
our program when we tried our best so
that's the main thing and Australia got
bronze today how does that feel it feels
really good is the sum of us is that
first is gelling competition so it's
really good to walk away with the metal
but I think that we could have down a
little bit better but we did pretty well
over